app/code/community/Ebizmarts/AbandonedCart                                  app/code/community/Ebizmarts/AbandonedCart
app/code/community/Ebizmarts/Autoresponder                                  app/code/community/Ebizmarts/Autoresponder
app/code/community/Ebizmarts/MageMonkey                                     app/code/community/Ebizmarts/MageMonkey
app/code/community/Ebizmarts/Mandrill                                       app/code/community/Ebizmarts/Mandrill

app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/ebizmarts/abandonedcart.xml     app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/ebizmarts/abandonedcart.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/magemonkey.xml                  app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/magemonkey.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mandrill.xml                    app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mandrill.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/ebizmarts                     app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/ebizmarts
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/magemonkey                    app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/magemonkey
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/mandrill                      app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/mandrill

app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/ebizmarts                           app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/ebizmarts
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/magemonkey.xml                      app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/magemonkey.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/ebizmarts                         app/design/frontend/base/default/template/ebizmarts
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/ebizmarts_abandonedcart           app/design/frontend/base/default/template/ebizmarts_abandonedcart
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magemonkey                        app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magemonkey

app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_AbandonedCart.xml                                 app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_AbandonedCart.xml
app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_Autoresponder.xml                                 app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_Autoresponder.xml
app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_MageMonkey.xml                                    app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_MageMonkey.xml
app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_Mandrill.xml                                      app/etc/modules/Ebizmarts_Mandrill.xml

app/locale/en_US/Ebizmarts_AbandonedCart.csv                                app/locale/en_US/Ebizmarts_AbandonedCart.csv
app/locale/en_US/Ebizmarts_MageMonkey.csv                                   app/locale/en_US/Ebizmarts_MageMonkey.csv
app/locale/en_US/Ebizmarts_Mandrill.csv                                     app/locale/en_US/Ebizmarts_Mandrill.csv
app/locale/en_US/template/email/ebizmarts                                   app/locale/en_US/template/email/ebizmarts
app/locale/en_US/template/email/sales/abandoned_cart.html                   app/locale/en_US/template/email/sales/abandoned_cart.html

js/ebizmarts/                                                               js/ebizmarts/

lib/Mandrill/API.php                                                        lib/Mandrill/API.php

skin/adminhtml/default/default/magemonkey/                                  skin/adminhtml/default/default/magemonkey/
skin/adminhtml/default/default/mandrill/                                    skin/adminhtml/default/default/mandrill/

skin/frontend/base/default/magemonkey/                                      skin/frontend/base/default/magemonkey/
